README.md, before:

# Veterinary Clinic Website

This is a **front-end project** for a veterinary clinic website, built with modern HTML, **modern CSS (CSS4 features)**, and [HTMX](https://htmx.org/). The project focuses on clean code, responsive design, and contemporary web development practices.

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5**  
- **Modern CSS (CSS4)**  
- **HTMX**

## Features

- **Clean and semantic HTML**: Structured code for readability and maintainability.
- **Modern CSS (CSS4)**: Uses CSS Grid, Flexbox, clamp(), animations, variables, advanced selectors, and other modern techniques.
- **Light/Dark mode support**: Automatically adapts to the user’s system theme.
- **HTMX integration**: Enables dynamic content loading and interactivity without heavy JavaScript.
- **Responsive header**: Fully responsive navigation that works seamlessly across devices.
- **Portfolio-ready**: Demonstrates best practices and a professional approach to front-end development.


## Project Status

- Currently in development.

## Getting Started

To view the project locally:

- Clone the repository:
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/veterinary-clinic-website.git

Commit message:

Use JS for menu interaction, refactor code, update readme.md

README.md, after:

# Veterinary Clinic Website

This is a **front-end project** for a veterinary clinic website, built with modern **HTML**, **modern CSS (CSS4 features)**, **JavaScript** and [HTMX](https://htmx.org/). The project focuses on clean code, responsive design, and contemporary web development practices.

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5**  
- **Modern CSS (CSS4)**
- **JavaScript**
- **HTMX**

## Features

- **Clean and semantic HTML**: Structured code for readability and maintainability.
- **Modern CSS (CSS4)**: Uses CSS Grid, Flexbox, clamp(), animations, variables, advanced selectors, and other modern techniques.
- **Progressive JavaScript integration**:
   -Adds interactive functionality (e.g., dynamic menu display in combination with HTMX).
   -Designed with scalability in mind — future features and enhancements will be built on this foundation.
- **Light/Dark mode support**: Automatically adapts to the user’s system theme.
- **HTMX integration**: Enables dynamic content loading and interactivity without heavy JavaScript.
- **Responsive header**: Fully responsive navigation that works seamlessly across devices.
- **Portfolio-ready**: Demonstrates best practices and a professional approach to front-end development.


## Project Status

- Currently in development.

## Getting Started

To view the project locally:

- Clone the repository:
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/veterinary-clinic-website.git
